.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "media-dispatcher" 1 "Aug 21, 2019" "AG Projects" "SIP Communication Software"
.SH NAME
media-dispatcher - The MediaProxy dispatcher
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B media-dispatcher
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
MediaProxy is a distributed far end NAT traversal solution for media streams
of SIP calls. MediaProxy has a dispatcher running on the same host with the
OpenSIPS proxy and multiple media relays distributed over the network.
.PP
\fBmedia\-dispatcher\fP is to be run on a system running the OpenSIPS proxy
that is configured to use MediaProxy as a media relay. The dispatcher will
take care of distributing the media sessions over all the available relays
that have joined the dispatcher, as well as doing accounting upon receiving
session statistics from the relay when a session ends. The dispatcher also
offers a management interface that can be interogated from a frontend that
wishes to display statistics about media sessions. Upon receiving such a
request, the dispatcher will interrogate in turn all the available media
relays for the appropriate information, returning it back to the caller.
.PP
The MediaProxy dispatcher features secure encrypted communication with the
relays, advanced accounting capabilities using multiple backends as well as
automatic load balancing among the active relays. The management interface
can also use encrypted communications if needed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show program version.
.TP
.B \-\-systemd
Run as a systemd simple service and log to journal.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-fork
Run in the foreground and log to terminal (for debugging).
.TP
.B \-\-config\-dir=PATH
Set the configuration directory (default is \fB/etc/mediaproxy\fP).
.TP
.B \-\-runtime\-dir=PATH
Set the runtime directory (default is \fB/run/mediaproxy\fP).
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable verbose logging.
.TP
.B \-\-debug\-memory
Enable memory debugging.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR media-relay (1),
.PP
For more information, please refer to the MediaProxy page which can be
found at http://ag-projects.com/MediaProxy.html
.SH AUTHOR
Dan Pascu <dan@ag-projects.com>.
