.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "media-relay" 1 "May 28, 2008" "media-relay" "MediaProxy"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
media\-relay \- the MediaProxy relay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B media\-relay
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
MediaProxy is a distributed far end NAT traversal solution for media streams
for SIP calls. MediaProxy has a relay running on the same host with an
OpenSER SIP proxy and multiple media relays distributed over the network.
.PP
\fBmedia\-relay\fP is to be run on a system that wishes to participate in media
relaying. It can be run on the same host as the dispatcher, or on multiple
remote hosts. The relay takes care of establishing a path between devices
behind NAT and forwards the media streams between them. To do so, the relay
requires a Linux kernel, version 2.6.18 or newer compiled with support for
connection tracking, the connection tracking event notification API and the
netfilter "NOTRACK" target.
.PP
The MediaProxy relay features secure encrypted communication with the
dispatcher and has gracefull shutdown capabilities, where it refuses to
accept new sessions and shuts down after all the existing sessions are done.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-fork
Run the process in the foreground (for debugging).
.TP
.B \-\-pid=file
Set the proces pid file to \fB`file'\fP. If not specified the default
pid file is \fB/var/run/mediaproxy/relay.pid\fP .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR media-dispatcher (1),
.PP
For more information, please refer to the MediaProxy page which can be
found at http://ag-projects.com/MediaProxy.html
.SH AUTHOR
Dan Pascu <dan@ag-projects.com>.
